2.Who became leader of the Nazis and took over Germany? Adolf Hitler
3.Who was the leader of the Communist Soviet Union at this time? Joseph Stalin
4.Who became the dictator of Italy and joined a tight alliance with Germany? Benito Mussolini
5.What dictator took over Spain with the help from Italy? Fransisco Franco
6.After the Nazis took over Germany, how did they silence any that disagreed with them? By force
7.What group of people did Hitler target the most? Jews
8.Once the group above was taken away, where was the first place they were sent? ghetto
9.Who was the Japanese military general who took over Japan and helped Hitler during WWII? Hideki Tojo
10.Why did Japan decide to conquer other nations in Asia and the Pacific? To gain control of their resources
11.Where did Japan attack first? Manchuria

12.Who did Italy attack first? Ethiopia
13.France hoped to stop Hitler’s aggression 

32.What American product was it hardest for citizens to have less of? gas
33.What did Americans buy to help with war costs? War bonds
34.What happened to Mussolini when the Allies attacked Italy? Captured but rescued by Hitler
35.Why was the Battle of Stalingrad a turning point in the war for the Allies? Germany retreated for the 1st time
36.Who was the American leader of the troops at D Day? Eisenhower
37.What American leader was the first to enter Germany with Allied troops? Patton 

38.Who was the American leader of the troops in the Pacific? MacArthur
39.What happened to Hitler & Mussolini in the end? Hitler –killed himself, Mussolini- executed
40.Who became President of the United States when Roosevelt died? Harry Truman
41.Why was the Battle of Midway so important? If Japan won they would gain position to easily attack US
42.What American territory was the Allies forced to surrender to the Japanese, only to come back 2 years later and
achieve victory? Philippines
43.What was the name of the secret project when the atomic bombs were created? Manhattan Project
44.Who warned the American government about using the atomic bombs in war? Albert Einstein
45.Which President ordered the atomic bombs to be made? Franklin Roosevelt
46.What President made the decision to drop the atomic bombs on Japan? Harry Truman
47.How many atomic bombs were dropped? 2
48.Where were atomic bombs dropped? Nagasaki & Hiroshima, Japan